Edit first-integration, navigating, dashboard (#1)
spinningrachel/cycode: docs/first-integration.md

# Set up your first integration  

> Now that you have logged in, you can integrate GitHub. Integrating Github enables Cycode to:  

Reviewer: Now that => once you've

```suggestion
Once you've logged in, you need to integrate with at least one source in order to start measuring your security posture. 

Let's start by integrating GitHub. 

Integrating Github enables Cycode to:  
```

@rgottesman remember this is Getting Started - so this is why i've added this unique language here.

-
 
-
 
- 

## How to integrate Cycode with GitHub  
To integrate GitHub:  

> 1. Navigate to settings.  

Reviewer: All parts of the screens should be capitalized and bold. settings shoudl be **Settings** for example. I'll let you fix the other instances across the text.

> 2. In settings, click on integration.  

Reviewer: @rgottesman no need for prepositions b/c they're proper nouns (see the style guide). So: Click **Integration**. I'll let you you fix up the other instances across the text.
